PR for SRVCOM-3248: Update the Serverless 1.34 release notes (#82953)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/serverless-rn-1-34-0.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies
//
// * about/serverless-release-notes.adoc

:_content-type: REFERENCE
[id="serverless-rn-1-34-0_{context}"]
= Red Hat {ServerlessProductName} 1.34

{ServerlessProductName} 1.34 is now available. New features, updates, and known issues that pertain to {ServerlessProductName} on {ocp-product-title} are included in the following notes:

[id="new-features-1-34-0_{context}"]
== New features

> * {ServerlessProductName} now uses Knative Serving 1.13.

Author: Fixed

* {ServerlessProductName} now uses Knative Eventing 1.14.
* {ServerlessProductName} now uses Kourier 1.14.
* {ServerlessProductName} now uses Knative (`kn`) CLI 1.14.
* {ServerlessProductName} now uses Knative for Apache Kafka 1.14.
* The `kn func` CLI plugin now uses `func` 1.15.

* It is now possible to support mutliple configuration for OpenAPI within the same namespace.

* Encryption Serving is now available as a Technology Preview (TP) feature.

> * {ServerlessOperatorName} is now available for ARM-based clusters as a Tech Preview feature.

Author: Fixed!

> * {ServerlessProductName} 1.34 introduces a new feature that allows workflows to access different OpenShift clusters through configuration. This feature enables users to define REST calls within a workflow to seamlessly interact with multiple clusters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* {ServerlessProductName} 1.34 introduces a new feature that allows workflows to access different {ocp-product-title} clusters through configuration. This feature enables users to define REST calls within a workflow to seamlessly interact with multiple clusters.
```

* The Jobs Service liveness checks is now enhanced to limit the time required to retrieve the leader status. A new system property, `kogito.jobs-service.management.leader-check.expiration-in-seconds`, has been introduced, allowing you to configure the maximum time allowed for the leader status check.

* {ServerlessProductName} Serving transport encryption feature allows transporting data over secured and encrypted HTTPS connections using TLS. This is now available as a Technology Preview (TP) feature.

> * Go function using S2I builder is now available as a Technology Preview (TP) feature.

Author: It is a singular one.

> * Multi-container support for Knative Serving allows you to use a single Knative service to deploy a multi-container pod. It also supports the the `readiness` and `liveness` probe values for multiple containers.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Multi-container support for Knative Serving allows you to use a single Knative service to deploy a multi-container pod. It also supports the `readiness` and `liveness` probe values for multiple containers.
```

Author: Fixed

> * The new trigger filters feature is now available as a Technology Preview. These filters are enabled by default and allows users to specify a set of filter expressions, where each expression evaluates to either true or false for each event.

Reviewer 2: We already documented the new trigger filters for 1.32. No need to repeat this, IMO. It's not new.

Author: Okay, removed!

> * Autoscaling for Knative Kafka triggers is now enhanced with KEDA (Kubernetes Event-Driven Autoscaling). Autoscaling using CMA/LEDA further enhances performance by optimizing resource allocation for Kafka triggers, ensuring better scalability in event-driven workloads.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Autoscaling for Knative Kafka triggers is now enhanced with KEDA (Kubernetes Event-Driven Autoscaling). Autoscaling using CMA/KEDA further enhances performance by optimizing resource allocation for Kafka triggers and KafkaSources, ensuring better scalability in event-driven workloads.
```

Author: Done!

> * Autoscaling for Knative Kafka triggers is now enhanced with KEDA (Kubernetes Event-Driven Autoscaling) as a Technology Preview (TP). Autoscaling using CMA/LEDA further enhances performance by optimizing resource allocation for Kafka triggers and KafkaSources, ensuring better scalability in event-driven workloads.

Reviewer 2: LEDA -> KEDA

Author: Fixed!

> * Autoscaling for Knative Kafka triggers is now enhanced with KEDA (Kubernetes Event-Driven Autoscaling) as a Technology Preview (TP). Autoscaling using CMA/KEDA further enhances performance by optimizing resource allocation for Kafka triggers and KafkaSources, ensuring better scalability in event-driven workloads.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Autoscaling for Knative Kafka triggers is now enhanced with KEDA (Kubernetes Event-Driven Autoscaling) as a Technology Preview (TP). Autoscaling using CMA/KEDA further enhances performance by optimizing resource allocation for Kafka triggers and `KafkaSource` objects, ensuring better scalability in event-driven workloads.
```

* Knative Eventing now offers support for data in transit encryption (Eventing TLS) as a Technology Preview (TP) feature. You can configure Knative Eventing components to expose HTTPS addresses as well as add user-provided CA trust bundles to clients.

[id="fixed-issues-1-34-0_{context}"]
== Fixed issues

> * Previously, KafkaSource would incorrectly remain in the Ready status even when the `KafkaSource.spec.net.tls.key` failed to load. This issue has been resolved. An error is now reported when creating a Kafka Broker, KafkaChannel, KafkaSource, or KafkaSink with unsupported TLS certificates in PKCS #1 (Public-Key Cryptography Standards #1) format, ensuring proper handling and notification of configuration issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Previously, `KafkaSource` objects would incorrectly remain in the `Ready` status even when the `KafkaSource.spec.net.tls.key` failed to load. This issue has been resolved. An error is now reported when creating a Kafka `Broker`, `KafkaChannel`, `KafkaSource`, or `KafkaSink` object with unsupported TLS certificates in PKCS #1 (Public-Key Cryptography Standards #1) format, ensuring proper handling and notification of configuration issues.
```

> * The controller incorrectly requeued the wrong object type (Namespace), causing 'resource not found' log errors. This issue is now resolved, and the controller now handles object requeuing, ensuring more accurate logging and resource management.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* The Eventing controller incorrectly requeued the wrong object type (Namespace), causing 'resource not found' log errors. This issue is now resolved, and the controller now handles object requeuing, ensuring more accurate logging and resource management.
```

Author: Done

> * The Eventing controller incorrectly requeued the wrong object type (Namespace), causing 'resource not found' log errors. This issue is now resolved, and the controller now handles object requeuing, ensuring more accurate logging and resource management.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The Eventing controller incorrectly requeued the wrong object type (`Namespace`), causing "resource not found" log errors. This issue is now resolved, and the controller now handles object requeuing, ensuring more accurate logging and resource management.
```
